[Docs] Update user tutorial with `Flex` layout (#1132)
mckinsey/vizro: vizro-core/docs/pages/tutorials/explore-components.md

You'll notice a toggle in the top-right corner of the dashboard, enabling you to switch between dark and light themes. Try it out!

### 3.2. Add an `export data` button

Next, you'll add a button that lets users export the data currently shown in your dashboard.

Vizro provides several built-in actions you can reuse. You can explore the full list in our [guide on built-in actions](../user-guides/actions.md#built-in-actions).

> Follow these steps to add an export data button:

Reviewer: As per https://github.com/mckinsey/vizro/pull/1166 I'm suggesting a minor shift to the language so readers that aren't copying and pasting stepwise can still make sense of the article. That is, people just reading and looking at the completed pycafe example can understand steps without feeling they should be doing them!

Author: Sounds good! I saw your changes as well :)

> Follow these steps to add an export data button:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These steps add an export data button:
```

        ```

    === "Code - Dashboard"

        ```{.python pycafe-link hl_lines="20"}
        import vizro.models as vm
        import vizro.plotly.express as px
        from vizro import Vizro
        from vizro.tables import dash_ag_grid
        from vizro.models.types import capture
        from vizro.figures import kpi_card
        from vizro.actions import export_data

        tips = px.data.tips()

        first_page = vm.Page(
            title="Data",
            components=[
                vm.AgGrid(
                    figure=dash_ag_grid(tips),
                    footer="""**Data Source:** Bryant, P. G. and Smith, M. (1995).
                    Practical Data Analysis: Case Studies in Business Statistics.
                    Homewood, IL: Richard D. Irwin Publishing.""",
                ),
                vm.Button(text="Export Data", actions=[vm.Action(function=export_data())]),
            ],
        )

        dashboard = vm.Dashboard(pages=[first_page])
        Vizro().build(dashboard).run()
        ```

    === "Result"

        [![FirstPageButton]][firstpagebutton]

**Click on the Button and see what happens! 📂**

### 3.3. Configure the layout

> Right now, you might notice extra blank space below the button. In this step, you’ll learn how to improve the layout by arranging components more efficiently.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Notice there is extra blank space below the button. In this step, you’ll learn how to improve the layout by arranging components more efficiently.
```

Vizro supports two layout models: [`Grid`][vizro.models.Grid] and [`Flex`][vizro.models.Flex]. To understand the differences between them, check out our [guide on layouts](../user-guides/layouts.md#layout-options-grid-and-flex).

By default, Vizro uses the `Grid` layout, which arranges components in the order they appear inside `components` and gives them equal space. However, in our case, we want the `Button` and `AgGrid` to only take up the space they need — not equal space.

To achieve this, we'll switch to the `Flex` layout and set a `height` for the `AgGrid`, as the default is `400px` otherwise.

1. In the `layout` argument of the `Page`, use the [`Flex`][vizro.models.Flex] layout model via `layout = vm.Flex()`
1. Specify `style= {"height": "600px"}` inside the `dash_ag_grid`, as it would otherwise default to `400px`.

> !!! example "Use flex layout"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
!!! example "Use Flex layout"
```
